Example Projects for View Designer/X
------------------------------------

How to build?

	1. xmkmf 

	2. make Makefiles

	3. make depend

	4. make all


You should load the project files into the VDX and examine widget tree
and resource settings. The source code of the examples
is already written. That's why you don't have to generate the source code. Some
files are changed. These files contain code which implements the callbacks
and initialization functions.


Project descriptions
--------------------

Calcy 

A little program which enables the user to enter two number in
the text widgets. The sum of these numbers will be calculated, if the
user clicks the 'Add' button. The result is appearing in a text widget
in the bottom of the window.
Calcy sample explains:

	Creating a user interface by using VDX
	How to add a callback
	Writing your own code
	Usage of XmText widget



Hungry

A little window enables the user to choose a burger or a pizza and in
a radio box the credit card. The Apply button writes the ordering information
on the standard output. Clicking Close button terminates the application.
With key F1 and Help button a help dialog is shown.
Hungry sample shows:

	How links can be used to integrate an interface into another interface.
	Binding a dialog to a callback.
	The behavior of radio boxes and toggle buttons.


	
TextEdit

This text editor could be used to open, read, change and save files.
This is the first C++ program.
TextEdit sample shows the usage:

	C++ code generation
	menus
	accelerators
	file selection boxes
	XmText clipboard functions
	window manager protocol callbacks




ToDo

A little program that maintains a todo list. A list widgets contains the
titles of all todo list items. The items are ordered by priority. New items
can be added to the list. A todo list item view shows the title, priority
and a description. These data can be changed. 
ToDo list sample shows the usage of:

	XmForm, XmFrame and XmList widgets.
	How to combine data and user interface. 



ADDITIONAL EXAMPLES
-------------------

XrtTest

An interface that uses Xrt widgets. You have to change the path for
header files and libraries.


dtksh

An example that demonstrates the code generation for dtksh scripts.


Xfe

The netscape's Xfe Widget Set.


ALL PROGRAMS ARE ONLY EXAMPLES. NO WARRENTY.
